konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2802)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/install/install-onprem/index.md

* [Docker Desktop][install_docker] version 18.09.2 or later. You must have Docker Desktop installed on the host where the Konvoy command line interface (CLI) will run. For example, if you are installing Konvoy on your laptop computer, be sure the laptop has a supported version of Docker Desktop.

> * [kubectl][install_kubectl] v1.16.7 or later. You must have `kubectl` installed on the host where the Konvoy command line interface (CLI) will run, to enable interaction with the running cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kubectl][install_kubectl] v1.16.7 or later. You must have `kubectl` installed on the host, where the Konvoy command line interface (CLI) runs, to enable interaction with the running cluster.
```

This field is optional.
If not set, Konvoy will randomly pick a Virtual Router ID for you.

> If you are not setting any of the optional values, set `spec.kubernetes.controlPlane.keepalived: {}` to enable it with the default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not setting any of the optional values, set `spec.kubernetes.controlPlane.keepalived: {}` to enable the default values.
```
